---
title: Github 4
layout: post
author: sam.ditty
permalink: /github-4/
source-id: 1z1HWkyLtlsU7U8Jz91n33ibfjMTpHzZKIloDw9hQKts
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 4</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>1/10/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>a new lesson with a new learning target which is Ascii code and also Unicode</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To understand how to use Ascii code and Unicode in coding since we know how to properly use google sheets and also we know some tools for it</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Not really, I understand parts but not all of it.still don't really understand it mainly due to the fact that I had to leave early for a football match</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I had to persevere to learn what to do</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I questioned my learning and what I had done</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I tried as hard as I could to do what I could all by myself</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>After the lesson, I reflected on what I had done </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I had to listen to the teacher more because I was leaving earlier</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I do not think that much could have gone better in my learning apart from understanding it a bit more, however I cannot really change that because I can not really turn back time. I did not understand it as much due to the fact that I had a football game and so I had to leave the I.T lesson 15 minutes earlier.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to focus more and get my head down unless I am asking my friend for help after I have searched it up and also not found it. This next lesson, I have got the full hour despite the fact that it is a parents evening for year 13 and I have another football match. This means that I can use the full hour to focus and hopefully I will be able to catch up and even possibly complete the next bit of work.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


